README.md, before:

# Greensteps Web App

## Welcome
Hi there! We are just getting started with this project. The goal is to have a
minimum viable product (MVP) by December 2017. For more details on what we're
planning to have in the MVP, checkout the [project
requirements](REQUIREMENTS.md).

We'd love your help with developing this app! See the [contribution
guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## Explore the App
A sample version of the app is hosted at
https://greensteps-staging.herokuapp.com/. Feel free to explore and play around
with it. If you find something that doesn't seem quite right be sure to [open an
issue](https://github.com/crawfoal/greensteps/issues/new)!

## Getting Started
Before getting started, you'll need to have Ruby 2.4.1, Rails 5.0.4, and
Postgres 9.6 installed on your machine. If you need help with this, check out
the setup guide from [Go Rails](https://gorails.com/setup). Rather than
following the last set of steps to create a new app, you'll
[fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repo and then create
a local clone to work with.

You will also need [PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/) installed. You can
download it from that webpage, or on a Mac simply run `brew install phantomjs`.

Once you have a copy of this project on your machine, you should run
`bin/setup`. At this point, it's a good idea to

1. run `bin/rspec` to make sure everything was installed properly
2. start the server and explore the app

Commit message:

Move project setup instructions to a separate file

README.md, after:

# Greensteps Web App

## Welcome
Hi there! We are just getting started with this project. The goal is to have a
minimum viable product (MVP) by December 2017. For more details on what we're
planning to have in the MVP, checkout the [project
requirements](REQUIREMENTS.md).

We'd love your help with developing this app! See the [contribution
guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## Explore the App
A sample version of the app is hosted at
https://greensteps-staging.herokuapp.com/. Feel free to explore and play around
with it. If you find something that doesn't seem quite right be sure to [open an
issue](https://github.com/crawfoal/greensteps/issues/new)!

## Contributing
We'd love for you to contribute to our project! First, please read our
[contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of
Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Also, please keep in mind that our current focus is on developing a minimum
viable product. Pull requests that are focused on this will be prioritized.
Thank you (in advance :slightly_smiling_face:) for understanding!
